Replace hardcoded HTTP-links in lessons page (#592)
datacarpentry/datacarpentry.github.io: pages/lessons.md

### <a id="social-science-curriculum"></a> Social Science Curriculum

> This workshop uses a [tabular interview dataset](https://datacarpentry.org/socialsci-workshop/data/) from the [SAFI Teaching Database](https://figshare.com/articles/SAFI_Survey_Results/6262019) and teaches data cleaning, management, analysis and visualization. *There are no pre-requisites,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This workshop uses a [tabular interview dataset]({{site.dc_website_url}}/socialsci-workshop/data/) from the [SAFI Teaching Database](https://figshare.com/articles/SAFI_Survey_Results/6262019) and teaches data cleaning, management, analysis and visualization. *There are no pre-requisites,
```
